# Project #14: Reaction Game

This sketch implements a simple reaction game using the Arduino platform. A random LED lights up and you have to press the corresponding button as fast as you can. Your reaction time is measured and displayed on the screen. We will use a display, a buzzer, and a strip of NeoPixels (LEDs) to interact with the player.

The `buzzerBeep(int freq)` function is used to make the buzzer beep at a certain frequency. The `tone()` function is used to start a sound at a specific frequency on the buzzer, and `noTone()` is used to stop the sound. The `delay(200)` function causes the program to wait for 200 milliseconds, allowing the beep to be heard.

The `startRound()` function is called to start a round of the game. It first clears the display and sets the cursor to a specific position. Then it prints the string "GO!" on the display. The `millis()` function is used to get the current time in milliseconds since the Arduino board began running the current program, which is stored in the `onTime` variable. This is the start time of the round. The `buzzerBeep(NOTE_C)` function is called to make the buzzer beep at the frequency of the musical note C. The `gameIsRunning` boolean variable is set to `true` to indicate that the game is now running. The `random(3)` function is used to get a random number between 0 and 2, which is stored in the `activePixel` variable. This number represents the NeoPixel that will be lit up during this round. The `pixels.clear()` function is called to turn off all the NeoPixels, and then `pixels.setPixelColor(activePixel, onColor)` is used to set the color of the active pixel to `onColor`. Finally, `pixels.show()` is called to update the actual NeoPixel strip with the new color data.

The `endRound()` function is called to end a round of the game. It first gets the current time in milliseconds and stores it in the `pressTime` variable. This is the end time of the round. The difference between `pressTime` and `onTime` is the player's reaction time, which is displayed on the screen. The `pixels.clear()` function is called to turn off all the NeoPixels, and `pixels.show()` is used to update the actual NeoPixel strip. The `gameIsRunning` boolean variable is set to `false` to indicate that the game is no longer running. The `buzzerBeep(NOTE_F)` function is called to make the buzzer beep at the frequency of the musical note F, signaling the end of the round.