# Project #03: Simple Piano

This sketch is designed to play different musical notes on a buzzer when you press corresponding buttons. Each button is assigned to play a specific note: C, D, E, or F. The buttons are connected to pins D7, D6, D4, and D2 on the Arduino board. The musical notes are generated by controlling the frequency of the buzzer, which is connected to pin D9.

The code starts by defining constants for the buzzer and button pins, as well as the frequencies of the musical notes. The `#define` directive is used to define these constants. For example, `#define BUZZER_PIN 9` defines `BUZZER_PIN` as a constant with a value of 9. This makes the code easier to read and modify, as you can change the pin numbers or frequencies in one place if needed.

In the `setup()` function, the button pins are set as inputs with pull-up resistors using the `pinMode()` function. This means that the default state of the button pins is HIGH, and they go LOW when a button is pressed. The buzzer pin is set as an output, as it will be used to generate the musical notes.

The `loop()` function continuously checks the state of each button pin using the `digitalRead()` function. If a button is pressed (i.e., the state of the button pin is LOW), the `tone()` function is called to play the corresponding note on the buzzer. The `tone()` function takes two arguments: the pin number of the buzzer and the frequency of the note to play. If no button is pressed, the `noTone()` function is called to turn off the buzzer.

The commented-out lines of code provide an alternative set of frequencies for the musical notes, one octave lower than the default frequencies. Feel free to un-comment these lines and comment out the original frequency definitions to change the pitch of the notes.